README.md, before:

# docs-as-code

Docs-as-code tooling for Eclipse S-CORE

Full documentation is on [GitHub Pages](https://eclipse-score.github.io/docs-as-code/).

> [!NOTE]
> This repository offers a [DevContainer](https://containers.dev/).
> For setting this up read [eclipse-score/devcontainer/README.md#inside-the-container](https://github.com/eclipse-score/devcontainer/blob/main/README.md#inside-the-container).

## Development of docs-as-code

### Getting IDE support for docs-as-code development

Create the virtual environment via `bazel run //:ide_support`.
If your IDE does not automatically ask you to activate the newly created environment you can activate it.

- In VSCode via `ctrl+p` => `Select Python Interpreter` then select `.venv_docs/bin/python`
- In the terminal via `. .venv_docs/bin/activate`

### Format your documentation with:

```bash
bazel test //src:format.check
bazel run //src:format.fix
```

### Find & fix missing copyright

```bash
bazel run //:copyright-check
bazel run //:copyright.fix
```

Commit message:

chore: enable pre-commit configuration (#417)

README.md, after:

# docs-as-code

Docs-as-code tooling for Eclipse S-CORE

Full documentation is on [GitHub Pages](https://eclipse-score.github.io/docs-as-code/).

> [!NOTE]
> This repository offers a [DevContainer](https://containers.dev/).
> For setting this up read [eclipse-score/devcontainer/README.md#inside-the-container](https://github.com/eclipse-score/devcontainer/blob/main/README.md#inside-the-container).

## Development of docs-as-code

### Getting IDE support for docs-as-code development

Create the virtual environment via `bazel run //:ide_support`.
If your IDE does not automatically ask you to activate the newly created environment you can activate it.

- In VSCode via `ctrl+p` => `Select Python Interpreter` then select `.venv_docs/bin/python`
- In the terminal via `. .venv_docs/bin/activate`


### Enabeling pre-commit

Pre-commit is supported inside docs-as-code to help with code quality and make developers workflow easier.

Install the hook:
```bash
pre-commit install

# Or install it to run on pre-push via:
pre-commit install --hook-type pre-push
```

Execute the pre-commit manually via `pre-commit`

### Format your documentation with:

```bash
bazel test //src:format.check
bazel run //src:format.fix
```

### Find & fix missing copyright

```bash
bazel run //:copyright-check
bazel run //:copyright.fix
```
