docs/how-to/test_to_doc_links.rst, before:

Reference Docs in Tests
=======================

In tests, you want to reference requirements (needs).
The docs-as-code tool will create backlinks in the documentation.

Docs-as-code parses `test.xml` files produced by Bazel under `bazel-testlogs/`.
To attach metadata to tests use the project tooling decorator (provided by the
attribute plugin). Example usage:

.. code-block:: python

	 from attribute_plugin import add_test_properties

	 @add_test_properties(
			 partially_verifies=["tool_req__docs_common_attr_title", "tool_req__docs_common_attr_description"],
			 test_type="interface-test",
			 derivation_technique="boundary-values",
	 )
	 def test_feature():
			 """Short description of what the test does."""
			 ...

TestLink will extract test name, file, line, result and verification lists
(`PartiallyVerifies`, `FullyVerifies`) and create external needs from tests
and `testlink` attributes on requirements that reference the test.


Limitations
-----------

- Not compatible with Esbonio/Live_preview.
- Tags and XML must match the expected format exactly for parsing to work.
- Tests must be executed by Bazel first so `test.xml` files exist.

Commit message:

Allow extra properties & missing properties in testcases (#421)
* Allow extra properties & missing properties in testcases
* Add updated Documentation
* Delete formating workflow

docs/how-to/test_to_doc_links.rst, after:

Reference Docs in Tests
=======================

In tests, you want to reference requirements (needs).
The docs-as-code tool will create backlinks in the documentation.

Docs-as-code parses `test.xml` files produced by Bazel under `bazel-testlogs/`.
To attach metadata to tests use the project tooling decorator (provided by the
attribute plugin). Example usage:

.. code-block:: python

	 from attribute_plugin import add_test_properties

	 @add_test_properties(
			 partially_verifies=["tool_req__docs_common_attr_title", "tool_req__docs_common_attr_description"],
			 test_type="interface-test",
			 derivation_technique="boundary-values",
	 )
	 def test_feature():
			 """Short description of what the test does."""
			 ...

TestLink will extract test name, file, line, result and verification lists
(`PartiallyVerifies`, `FullyVerifies`) and create external needs from tests
and `testlink` attributes on requirements that reference the test.

.. hint::
   It is possible to have 'additional' properties on tests. They will not show up in the
   TestLink but also won't break the parsing process.



Limitations
-----------

- Not compatible with Esbonio/Live_preview.
- To create a valid Testlink Tags and XML must match the expected format.
- Partial properties will lead to no Testlink creation.
  If you want a test to be linked, please ensure all requirement properties are provided.
- Tests must be executed by Bazel first so `test.xml` files exist.
